Help: The client supports multiple commands including requests to the
Registration Server, requests to other active peers in the P2P-DI system, and
commands executed locally.

Command:                Usage:
RS Requests:            Sends specified request to the Register Server. Register
                        Server IP address and port number for connection
                        establishment are known in advance. IP address may vary
                        from server to server. Port number is fixed to value
                        65423.

 register               Sends registration message to the Register Server and
                        provides information about the port to which its RFC
                        server listens.

 leave                  Sends leave requests to the Register Server. Leaves the
                        P2P-DI system, becomes inactive and invisible for other
                        peers and register server in the network. Closes RFC
                        server port. The program remains running. To terminate
                        the program see 'exit'. To join P2P-DI system back, use
                        'register' or 'keepalive' commands.

 pquery                 Sends the query message to Register Server to obtain the
                        list of all active peers from which RFCs and their
                        indexes may be collected. Request is completed with new
                        TCP connection to the Register Server and it receives a
                        list of all active peers that includes the hostname and
                        RFC server port information as a response message from
                        the Register Server.

 keepalive              Sends 'keep alive' message to the Register Server to
                        inform that the peer continues to be active. Upon
                        receipt of this message, the Register Server resets the
                        TTL value for this peer to 7200.


Peer Requests:          Sends specified request to another active peer only in
                        the P2P-DI system. Active peers identified by the
                        Register Server request, e.g. see 'pquery' command.

 rfcquery               Requests RFC indexes from all remote peers that are
                        currently active peers in the P2P-DI system.

 get rfc arg1           arg1: Integer value
                        Requests to download a specific RFC document from a
                        remote peer. RFC document is specified with 'arg1' type
                        of integer provided by the user. The 'arg1' argument
                        is required field for this command.


Local Requests:         Local commands that this host executes only locally.

 show arg1 arg2         arg1: peer, rfc
 show rfc arg2          arg2: local, remote
                        Lists requested items defined by 'arg1'. The parameter
                        'arg1' may take only 2 (two) possible values - 'peer'
                        and 'rfc'.
                        The 'peer' parameter lists all active peers in the
                        P2P-DI system. The list is obtained from the Register
                        Server (see 'pquery' command). This list must be
                        periodically updated to obtain the most recent list. To
                        obtain the most recent list of active peers see 'pquery'
                        command.
                        The 'rfc' parameter lists all RFC indexes including
                        local, (e.g. reside locally in file space that was
                        specified by the user) and remote (e.g. obtained
                        remotely from active peers in the P2P-DI system, see
                        command 'rfcquery'). The second argument 'arg2' only
                        corresponds to 'show rfc' command. 'arg2' may take only
                        2 (two) possible values - 'local' and 'remote'. The
                        'local' parameter lists only local RFC indexes (stored
                        in the file space of the user) and 'remote' lists only
                        RFC indexes that were obtained remotely (see 'pquery').



 update                 Updates the memory of the running process with new (if
                        any) RFC.txt files that were manually added into
                        'filespace' of the user. The 'filespace' is existing
                        directory that contains all the RFC.txt files download
                        directly from https://www.rfc-editor.org/
                        This command is NOT required if no files were downloaded
                        or moved to the 'filesystem' manually.

 exit                   Terminates the program on the peer. Drops all
                        connections, closes and removes all ports and sockets.
